Hey you're still around.
That's good news.
Now many of you might be wondering if I'd become a python developer.
What can I do with my career and you know one python.
I think besides maybe javascript offers some of the best opportunities for employment and options for
different ways that you can go in your career.
For example you might want to become a software engineer a software engineer is a person that built
software built programs and code to solve real world problems.
If you want to work for a company like Google Amazon Facebook Netflix you might apply to become a software
engineer and use python in your coding interviews to solve coding problems and get in those big companies
or you might want to apply for a job.
That's a python developer.
That's a very generic term but a python developer is essentially somebody that solves problems that
a company has with Python so it can be many different things.
Or maybe you are a research analyst and I have a friend who has a P.H. team microbiology and he uses
python because he analyzes data that his lab gets with Python or you might want to be a data analyst
that is similar to research analyst.
They use whatever data that a company has and analyze it to make business decisions.
Again we can use python to analyze these things or you might want to become a data scientist.
You can think of a data scientist as a level up from a data analyst.
They can do what most data analysts do but they also have really strong mathematical statistical programming
backgrounds in order to create algorithms and study data in order to create perhaps new models or there's
even a back and developer or a web developer that works on building for example API services.
You can use tools like Django and flask things we'll talk about in this course to build web applications
or you might want to do testing and automation testing and automation can be as simple as testing a
Web site or a web app or it can be testing a mobile application and writing scripts to simulate to user
behaviors and tests that a company's product works and of course a really popular one right now is machine
learning creating machine learning models from lots and lots of data to create these models that can
predict or perhaps create something useful for a company.
The options are almost endless and it can be overwhelming if you're just starting out.
Luckily for you in this course we're actually going to touch on each one of these topics and in our
over 10 projects that we're going to build we're going to experience what each one of these roles might
do so that at the end of the course if you find something that piques your interest well you can pursue
it further.
But this way we get to dip our toes in each one of these careers and see what you might like.
While you might find interesting but the beauty is that by learning Python it opens up a whole world
of possibilities possibilities of a really good career because it is a very valuable skill.
All right I hope you're excited.
You're down a good path.
I'll see you in the next video.
Bye bye.